For point 1 wouldn't the solution be to reinforce support systems and palliative care to prevent people from feeling this way. And if the families would care enough about the elderly person and thought making them live is worth their suffering wouldn't it be the families job to convince the person that it is so. And ultimately I feel it's the elderly persons' life on the line and therefore their decision regardless. I'm assuming there would be also some kind of consultation with a therapist if there were signs of depression (correct me if I'm wrong) Would there be a way for the family to request a therapist/psychiatrist to evaluate the person before the decision is finalized or would that be an automated practice even if the family didn't request it to prevent euthanasia being used as a method of "suicide" by depressed people (i am aware it applies not only in the case of elderly people but also in the case of younger persons with incurable diseases such as a highly developed case of cancer...) Point 2: Under this law wouldn't the patient have to declare they want this done to them, which would invalidate the point. Plus if I understand this correctly it would only apply in the case of incurable diseases, in which case it's just a matter of when the person goes. I don't see why giving “unbearable suffering” an objective definition would be necessary or how it would even be possible as it is a subjective experience for every individual. We already know that not everyone has the same pain tolerance and in general different levels of tolerance for things that inconvenience them, so I don't see how anyone would be able to give this feeling a clear definition. 3. I know the law is still written in a way to focus on preserving a life and relieving as much of the patients pain as possible, and doesn't intend to write people with incurable illnesses off to just wait in line to get their death shot. At some point there is only so much you can do to provide comfort to a dying stage four cancer patient. I understand religion plays a role in peoples opinions, and I've heard arguments that a persons life is in gods' hands and that only god has the right to take it away and so on, and those people will still have every right to suffer the whole duration of their incurable stage 4 cancer, but they shouldn't be inferring claims based on the beliefs based on their religion onto others. I don't think any political argument should include religion as freedom of religion is a part of our democratic society, which also includes freedom *from* religion. 4. I've already touched this topic in a point, but once again I feel like it is the responsibility of our government to keep investing into those things. People without terminal illnesses will still need those resources, so I don't see a reason for them being de funded. And once again I believe this law is not written with the intent to write people off as quickly as possible and I don't see how that would be the reality even if it was, because the person still needs to make that decision themself. 5. Who is even making this argument... The person still has the right to life. They choose weather they want to be euthanized or not. And yes the right to refuse treatment obviously doesn't equal to the right to demand euthanasia. If you have severe pneumonia or a severe case of COVID 19, and you refuse treatment that isn't an incurable disease. You just don't want to get treated which is your problem. I feel like that being the opposite would actually be harmful.

For point 1 wouldn't the solution be to reinforce support systems and palliative care to prevent people from feeling this way. And if the families would care enough about the elderly person and thought making them live is worth their suffering wouldn't it be the families job to convince the person that it is so. And ultimately I feel it's the elderly persons' life on the line and therefore their decision regardless. I'm assuming there would be also some kind of consultation with a therapist if there were signs of depression (correct me if I'm wrong) Would there be a way for the family to request a therapist/psychiatrist to evaluate the person before the decision is finalized or would that be an automated practice even if the family didn't request it to prevent euthanasia being used as a method of "suicide" by depressed people (i am aware it applies not only in the case of elderly people but also in the case of younger persons with incurable diseases such as a highly developed case of cancer...) Point 2: Under this law wouldn't the patient have to declare they want this done to them, which would invalidate the point. Plus if I understand this correctly it would only apply in the case of incurable diseases, in which case it's just a matter of when the person goes. I don't see why giving “unbearable suffering” an objective definition would be necessary or how it would even be possible as it is a subjective experience for every individual. We already know that not everyone has the same pain tolerance and in general different levels of tolerance for things that inconvenience them, so I don't see how anyone would be able to give this feeling a clear definition. 3. I know the law is still written in a way to focus on preserving a life and relieving as much of the patients pain as possible, and doesn't intend to write people with incurable illnesses off to just wait in line to get their death shot. At some point there is only so much you can do to provide comfort to a dying stage four cancer patient. I understand religion plays a role in peoples opinions, and I've heard arguments that a persons life is in gods' hands and that only god has the right to take it away and so on, and those people will still have every right to suffer the whole duration of their incurable stage 4 cancer, but they shouldn't be inferring claims based on the beliefs based on their religion onto others. I don't think any political argument should include religion as freedom of religion is a part of our democratic society, which also includes freedom *from* religion. 4. I've already touched this topic in a point, but once again I feel like it is the responsibility of our government to keep investing into those things. People without terminal illnesses will still need those resources, so I don't see a reason for them being de funded. And once again I believe this law is not written with the intent to write people off as quickly as possible and I don't see how that would be the reality even if it was, because the person still needs to make that decision themself. 5. Who is even making this argument... The person still has the right to life. They choose weather they want to be euthanized or not. And yes the right to refuse treatment obviously doesn't equal to the right to demand euthanasia. If you have severe pneumonia or a severe case of COVID 19, and you refuse treatment that isn't an incurable disease. You just don't want to get treated which is your problem. I feel like that being the opposite would actually be harmful. 6. The healthcare workers that do not want to be involved in the process can simply not preform euthanasia. I think it would make sense if there was a dedicated professional to do it, as it is important to do it correctly, and it wouldn't force the other healthcare workers to preform a procedure they aren't comfortable with. I don't think there should be a specialization for euthanasia, the doctor could obviously be specialized in another field, and i feel like it would likely take a mental tole on people who would have this as their only profession, but the hospitals should be tasked with finding a sufficient amount of staff who are willing to do it. 7. I've already covered the subjectivity of the term “unbearable suffering” in a previous point and I think it can not be given an objective definition I want you to go point by point and firstly correct any of the facts I've got wrong. I know, that as an AI model you are programmed to be agreeable to please the user, but please don't be if I'm not making a valid point. I want this to be sort of like a debate and I will be more pleased if you give me a good counter argument that I (as an atheist) see as valid/helpful then if you just blindly agree because you are programmed to do so. Ty:)